W-14219362-workaround-server-groups-monitoring (#716)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: runtime-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/monitoring-dashboards.adoc

From this dashboard, you can click a <<Access the Server Monitoring Dashboard,server>> or <<Access the Application Monitoring Dashboard,application>> name to access the dashboard for that item.

=== Troubleshoot Anypoint Monitoring Metrics not Working in Server Groups 

> If Anypoint Monitoring does not publish metrics immediately after installing the Anypoint Monitoring agent on a hybrid server in a server group, follow these steps to correctly install Anypoint Monitoring to a server in a server group : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Anypoint Monitoring does not publish metrics immediately after installing the Anypoint Monitoring agent on a hybrid server in a server group, follow these steps to correctly install Anypoint Monitoring to a server in a server group: 
```

. In Anypoint Platform go to *Runtime Manager* > *Servers* > *Add Server* to create an Anypoint Runtime Manager token.

. Execute the command provided in the *Add Server* screen.

. In Anypoint Platform go to *Runtime Manager* > *Servers* > *Create Group* to create the server group.

> . Start Mule for all the servers that you want to add to the server group, using the command `./mule start` from the `$MULE_HOME/bin` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start Mule for all the servers to be added to the server group by using the command `./mule start` from the `$MULE_HOME/bin` directory.
```

> . In Anypoint Platform go to *Runtime Manager* > *Servers*, click on the server group name, and click *Add Server* to add all the servers to the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Anypoint Platform go to *Runtime Manager* > *Servers*, click the server group name, and *Add Server* to add all the servers to the group.
```

. Deploy an API to the server group.

. Stop any running filebeat process in all the servers of the server group and run the `./install` command from the `$MULE_HOME/am/bin` directory in all the servers of the server group.

> . In Anypoint Platform go to *Runtime Manager* > *Servers*, click on the server group name, and restart all the servers in the server group via *Actions* > *Restart*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Anypoint Platform go to *Runtime Manager* > *Servers*, click the server group name, and restart all the servers in the server group via *Actions* > *Restart*.
```
